Javascript: Add documentation for service binding to destination API (#1883)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-js/features/connectivity/destination.mdx

});
```

> In addition to the default internal transformations, the SAP Cloud SDK provides the `getServiceBinding` function to retrieve a service type from a string input and a public convenience function `transformServiceBindingToDestination` that simplifies the process of transforming a service binding to a destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SAP Cloud SDK provides a `getServiceBinding` function to retrieve the first service binding from `VCAP_SERVICES` for a given service type.

It also provides a convenience function `transformServiceBindingToDestination` that simplifies the process of transforming the obtained service binding into a destination.
```

> In addition to the default internal transformations, the SAP Cloud SDK provides the `getServiceBinding` function to retrieve a service type from a string input and a public convenience function `transformServiceBindingToDestination` that simplifies the process of transforming a service binding to a destination.

Reviewer: Additionally, it is also important to mention that the created destinations will always have the token obtained using the `OAuth2ClientCredentials` flow for most service types except for `s4-hana-cloud`

#### Example Usage

```ts
import {
  getServiceBinding,
  transformServiceBindingToDestination
} from '@sap-cloud-sdk/connectivity';

const service = getServiceBinding('aicore');

await transformServiceBindingToDestination(service);
```

> The function supports the [default service types](#service-binding-environment-variables) as listed above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`transformServiceBindingToDestination` supports the [default service types](#service-binding-environment-variables) as listed above.
```

> The function supports the [default service types](#service-binding-environment-variables) as listed above.

Reviewer: I would suggest to add the whole section into `:::info Creating destinations from service bindings` admonitions.

And add the code example into a `<details>` block like [this](https://sap.github.io/cloud-sdk/docs/java/features/connectivity/service-bindings#custom-parameters).

});
```

:::info Creating destinations from service bindings

> The SAP Cloud SDK provides the `getServiceBinding` function to retrieve the first service binding from `VCAP_SERVICES` for a given service type.

Reviewer 2: [req] Follow the style guide: https://github.com/SAP/cloud-sdk/blob/main/STYLEGUIDE.md#use-code-format-for-method-names
```suggestion
The SAP Cloud SDK provides the `getServiceBinding()` function to retrieve the first service binding from `VCAP_SERVICES` for a given service type.
```

> It also provides a convenience function `transformServiceBindingToDestination` that simplifies the process of transforming a service binding to a destination.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It also provides the`transformServiceBindingToDestination()` function to transform known service bindings to a destinations.
```

<details>
<summary>Example Usage</summary>

```ts
import {
  getServiceBinding,
  transformServiceBindingToDestination
} from '@sap-cloud-sdk/connectivity';

const service = getServiceBinding('aicore');

await transformServiceBindingToDestination(service);
```

</details>

> `transformServiceBindingToDestination` supports the [default service types](#service-binding-environment-variables) as listed above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`transformServiceBindingToDestination()` supports the [default service types](#service-binding-environment-variables) as listed above.
```

> The created destinations will consistently include the token obtained through the `OAuth2ClientCredentials` flow for all service types, except for `s4-hana-cloud`.

Reviewer 2: [req] This sounds like we do everything for you except in the s4-hana-cloud case. I would phrase this differently.
Please also leave out fill words like "consistently". I also suggest to keep the same wording as above (transform instead of create).

```suggestion
The transformation includes auth token flows for destinations with type `OAuth2ClientCredentials` and adds retrieved tokens to the destination.
```

> If the provided service binding is not supported, an error will be thrown indicating the unsupported service type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the provided service binding is not supported, an error is thrown.
```
